if something X is a part of something Y then Y contains X .
if something X is a part of something Y then Y contains X .
if X contains Y then X is a part of Y .
if X is located in Y then Y contains X .
if X contains something that contains Y then X contains Y .
if something X overlaps-with something Y then Y overlaps-with X .
everything that overlaps-with something is an area .
if X borders Y then Y borders X .
everything that borders something is an area .
what borders Norway ?
France borders Germany .
which countries border Finland ?
what borders Montreuil ?
which country borders a country ?
every planet is a celestial-body .
no planet is a star .
no planet is a dwarf-planet .
no planet is a moon .
every planet orbits a star .
every planet that does not orbit the Sun is an extrasolar planet .
which planets orbit the Sun ?
every planet is a terrestrial planet or is a gas giant .
Mercury is a planet .
Mercury orbits the Sun .
Venus is a planet .
Venus orbits the Sun .
the Earth orbits the Sun .
the Earth is a terrestrial planet .
Mars is a terrestrial planet .
Mars orbits the Sun .
Jupiter is a planet .
Jupiter orbits the Sun .
Saturn is a planet .
Saturn orbits the Sun .
Uranus is a planet .
Uranus orbits the Sun .
Neptune is a planet .
Neptune orbits the Sun .
every area is an object .
what is an area ?
every continent is an area .
every continent is a part of the Earth .
there are exactly 7 continents .
what is a continent ?
every continent that is not Antarctica contains at least 2 countries .
every continent borders a sea .
no continent borders Antarctica .
no continent borders the Australian Continent .
Europe is a continent .
Europe borders Asia .
Poland is a country .
which countries border France ?
Turkey is a country of Europe .
which countries are contained by Europe ?
Asia is a continent .
what is a part of Asia ?
what is located in Asia ?
Africa is a continent .
Africa has exactly 5 archipelagoes .
the Australian Continent is a continent .
Antarctica is a continent .
no country is contained by Antarctica .
North America is a continent .
North America borders South America .
which countries are located in North America ?
what is located in Canada ?
South America is a continent .
every country is an area .
who governs a country ?
who is a president of a country ?
Argentina is a country .
Argentina is a part of South America .
which cities are a part of Argentina ?
Germany is an alpine country .
Germany borders the Netherlands .
German is an official language of Germany .
Germany borders France .
Germany borders Poland .
Germany contains Munich which belongs to Bavaria .
Germany is a country and borders at least 4 countries .
Germany is a member of the European Union .
Germany is a part of Europe .
Germany borders Poland .
Germany borders Switzerland .
Germany borders Belgium .
Germany is larger than Liechtenstein .
Germany contains Saxony .
Angela Merkel governs Germany .
Berlin is the capital of Germany .
what is the capital of Germany ?
Bavaria is located in Germany .
what is Germany ?
what is smaller than Germany ?
which country borders Germany and borders France ?
who governs Germany ?
which country is located in Europe ?
which city is contained by Germany ?
which country borders Germany ?
Germany belongs to the EU .
Austria borders Germany .
what belongs to Germany ?
Switzerland is an alpine country that is a part of Europe .
what is Switzerland ?
Switzerland borders exactly 5 countries .
Switzerland borders Germany and borders Austria and borders France and borders Italy and borders Liechtenstein .
Switzerland borders no sea .
which cities are located in Switzerland ?
Switzerland is located in Europe .
Berne is the capital of Switzerland .
Switzerland is a part of Europe .
Switzerland is not a member of the European Union .
what is located in Switzerland ?
German is a national-language of Switzerland .
Italian is a national-language of Switzerland .
which countries border a country that borders Switzerland ?
Nigeria is a country .
Nigeria is a part of Africa .
China is a country .
China manages the Olympic Games 2008 .
Tibet is a part of China .
China is a part of the Earth .
Beijing is located in China .
China is larger than the United States of America .
China is located in Asia and is larger than the United-Kingdom .
Qingdao is a city .
Qingdao is located in China .
Beijing is a city .
what is located in China ?
what borders China ?
Australia is a country .
Australia is a part of the Australian Continent .
the United States of America is a country .
the United States of America is located in North America .
Washington-DC is the capital of the United States of America .
the United States of America contains exactly 50 USA states .
the United States of America is a NATO-country .
the United States of America borders Canada and borders Mexico .
what is a country that is located in North America ?
English is the national-language of the United States of America and is the national-language of Canada .
Russia is a country .
Russia overlaps-with Asia .
Russia overlaps-with Europe .
what borders Russia ?
Russia borders Ukraine .
Russian is an official language .
Russia is larger than every country .
Milano is located in Italy .
Italy is governed by a president .
what is Rome ?
every city that is contained by Italy is contained by Europe .
Benevento is located in Europe .
what is the capital of Italy ?
if a city is located in Italy then the city is located in Europe .
if Benevento is located in Italy then Benevento is located in Europe .
every city that is located in Italy is located in Europe .
every city that is located in Italy is contained by Europe .
every city of Italy is a city of Europe .
Rome is a city of Italy .
Italy is located in Europe .
Italy is a part of Europe .
Italy borders Switzerland and borders Austria and borders France .
every city is a part of a country .
what borders Italy ?
Milano is a city .
what is located in Italy ?
Benevento is a city .
what is Benevento ?
Venice is located in Italy .
Triest is located in Italy .
Benevento is located in Italy .
what is located in Europe ?
Turin is located in Italy .
Turin is a city .
Milano is located in Italy .
Ivrea is a city .
what is located in Italy ?
France is an alpine country .
France is a part of Europe .
France is a member of the European Union .
French is an official language of France .
France borders Italy .
France borders Switzerland .
France borders Spain .
which city is a capital of France ?
France borders Belgium .
France borders Andorra .
what borders France ?
France does not border Argentina and does not border Australia .
France borders Monaco .
France does not border Croatia which borders Slovenia .
which cities are located in a country that borders France ?
Brazil is a country .
Brazil is a part of South America .
Brazil borders Argentina .
Brazil belongs to Mercado comum do Sul .
which city is the capital of Brazil ?
Japan is a country .
Japan is a part of Asia .
Andorra does not belong to Japan .
Japan is located in Asia .
the United-Kingdom is a country .
the United-Kingdom is a part of Europe .
who governs the United-Kingdom ?
the United-Kingdom is a member of the United Nations .
the United-Kingdom is inhabited by the British .
Austria is a landlocked country .
what borders Austria ?
Austria is not larger than Germany .
Austria is smaller than Germany .
Liechtenstein is an alpine country .
Liechtenstein borders no sea .
Liechtenstein borders Austria .
every city is an area .
which cities are the capital of a country that is contained by Europe ?
which cities belong to Canada ?
Brasilia is a city and is the capital of Brazil .
what is a city ?
Zurich is a city .
Zurich is located in Switzerland .
which rivers flow through Zurich ?
Berlin is a city .
Berlin is a part of Germany .
Berlin is a capital of Germany .
if X is a capital then X is a city .
Berlin is a part of what ?
Milano is a city .
Milano is located in Italy .
New York is a city .
New York is a part of the United States of America .
London is a city .
London is a part of the United-Kingdom .
London is the capital of the United-Kingdom .
London borders Bromley .
Paris is a city .
Paris is located in France .
Paris borders Montreuil .
Paris is a capital of France .
Sydney is a city .
Sydney is a part of Australia .
Beijing is a city .
Beijing is a part of China .
Beijing is a capital of China .
Tokyo is a city .
Tokyo is a part of Japan .
Los Angeles is a city .
Los Angeles is a part of the United States of America .
Rio de Janeiro is a city .
Rio de Janeiro is a part of Brazil .
if X is located in Y then Y contains X .
if something is located in X then X is an area .
if X is located in Y and Y is located in Z then X is located in Z .
Berne is a city that is located in Switzerland .
Geneva is a city .
Geneva is located in Switzerland .
Lucerne is located in Europe .
Lucerne is a city and is located in Switzerland .
which country is located in Europe ?
Buenos Aires is a city that is located in Argentina .
every sea is an area .
what is a landlocked country ?
everything that flows through something is a river .
Andorra is a country that is located in Europe .
Andorra is not a member of the European Union .
Catalan is an official language of Andorra .
Spain is a country .
Spain is a member of the European Union .
Spanish is an official language of Spain .
what is a river ?
every object is an entity .
Estonia is a baltic-state .
Latvia is a baltic-state .
Lithuania is a baltic-state .
every baltic-state is an EU-country .
every baltic-state is a NATO-country .
every baltic-state borders Russia .
every baltic-state possesses an island .
if X is a national-language of something then X is a language .
French is a language .
Italian is a language .
Lushan is located in JiangXi .
the Dalai Lama is a person .
Poland is a country .
Poland borders Germany .
Warsaw is a capital of Poland .
Poland does not belong to Africa .
Polish is a national-language of Poland .
Estonian is a national-language of Estonia .
what is Estonia ?
every EU-country is a part of Europe .
every EU-country is a country .
which country is not an EU-country ?
every member of the European Union is an EU-country .
what is an EU-country ?
the Danube flows through Belgrad and flows through Budapest and flows through Vienna and flows through Bratislava and flows through Ulm .
the Danube flows through Germany .
the Danube flows through which areas ?
which capitals are flown through by the Danube ?
which area is flown through by the Danube and is not a capital ?
the Danube is a river .
which city is flown through by the Danube and is located in Austria ?
Krems is a city that is in the near of Vienna .
Belgrad is a city .
Budapest is a capital of Hungary .
what flows through Vienna ?
Vienna is a city .
Vienna is a capital of Austria .
Vienna contains more than 5 universities .
Bratislava is a city .
Bratislava is the capital of Slovakia .
Ulm is a city .
what is Ulm ?
Ulm is a part of Germany .
everything that is a capital of something is a capital .
if X is a capital of Y then X is a part of Y .
every capital is a capital of at most 1 country .
what is a capital ?
every capital is a city .
if X is the capital of Y then X is located in Y .
if X is a capital of Y then X is a city .
if X is a capital of Y then X is a capital .
no country is a capital .
every capital is a city .
what is a capital ?
what is a continent ?
if X is a capital of Y then X is located in Y .
every country has at least 1 capital .
every capital is a capital of exactly 1 country .
Singapore is a city-state .
Vatican City is a city-state .
Monaco is a city-state .
Rome is a capital of Italy .
Vatican City is a city-state .
Monaco is an alpine country .
the Limmat is a river that flows through Zurich .
Rome is the capital of Italy .
Denmark is a country .
Denmark is a part of Europe .
Denmark borders Germany .
which country borders Denmark ?
what is located in Denmark ?
Greenland is a part of Denmark .
Greenland belongs to Europe .
Greenland is an island .
Greenland is a part of Austria .
Belgium is a country .
Belgium is a part of Europe .
Belgium borders France .
French is a national-language of Belgium .
what is a national-language of Belgium ?
German is a national-language of Belgium .
Dutch is a national-language of Belgium .
Flanders is a country and Flanders is a part of Belgium .
Belgium borders the Netherlands .
Belgium borders what ?
every country that is associated with the Alps is an alpine country .
every alpine country is a country .
what is an alpine country ?
Italy is an alpine country .
Austria is an alpine country .
Switzerland is an alpine country .
what is a NATO-country and is an EU-country ?
what is a NATO-country ?
the Sihl is a river that flows through Zurich .
Bonn is not a capital of Germany .
Bonn is a city .
every person speaks a language .
Larry OBrien is a person .
who is a person ?
Barack Obama is a person .
Barack Obama is a president .
Barack Obama is a president of the United States of America .
Chicago is a city .
Chicago is located in Illinois .
New Zealand is a country .
English is a language .
Dresden is a city .
Saxony is located in Germany .
Fortaleza is a city .
Pestovo is located in Russia .
Mexico is located in North America .
Mexico is a country .
Angela Merkel is a person .
Angela Merkel leads the CDU .
Angela Merkel inhabits Germany .
Norfolk is located in the United States of America .
Norfolk is located in the United-Kingdom .
Croatia is a country .
Croatia is located in Europe .
Norway is a country .
Oslo is a capital of Norway .
Norway is a part of Europe .
Norway borders Russia .
Norway borders Sweden .
Norway borders Finland .
what is Oslo ?
Oslo is located in Norway .
Norway is located in Europe .
Oslo is the capital of Norway .
which entity is located in Norway ?
Norway is located in which continent ?
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden .
what is located in Sweden ?
what is the capital of Sweden ?
Sweden is a country .
what is Sweden ?
which countries border Sweden ?
Denmark borders Sweden .
Finland is a country .
Finland is located in Europe .
Finland borders Norway .
Finland borders Russia .
Finland borders Sweden .
Finland borders the Baltic Sea .
Helsinki is a capital of Finland .
Aland is a province of Finland .
Southern Finland is a province of Finland .
Western Finland is a province of Finland .
Eastern Finland is a province of Finland .
Oulu is a province of Finland .
Lapland is a province of Finland .
what borders Finland ?
which countries border Finland ?
which country is located in Europe ?
every dwarf-planet is a celestial-body .
every moon is a celestial-body .
every moon orbits exactly 1 planet .
every star is a celestial-body .
the Sun is a star .
the Sun is a star .
every terrestrial planet is a planet .
what is a terrestrial planet ?
every gas giant is a planet .
Montreal is a city that is located in Quebec and that is located in Canada .
Canada is a country that is located in North America .
which cities are located in Canada ?
Canada has exactly 2 official languages .
what is the capital of Canada ?
which provinces are located in Canada ?
which country contains British Columbia ?
French is the national-language of Canada .
what is the national-language of Canada ?
Paris is the capital of France .
what is the capital of a country ?
what is a capital of Germany ?
what is a capital that belongs to Germany ?
what is a capital of a province that belongs to Germany ?
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden .
every official language is a language .
Ottawa is a city that is located in Ontario and that is located in Canada .
who is the mayor of Ottawa ?
Ottawa is the capital of Canada .
every object belongs to Indonesia .
Larry OBrien is the mayor of Ottawa .
what is Larry OBrien ?
Larry OBrien speaks English .
who governs a country ?
who governs an EU-country ?
Toronto is a city that is located in Ontario and that is located in Canada .
Ontario is a province that is located in Canada .
which cities are located in British Columbia ?
British Columbia is a province that is located in Canada .
Vancouver is a city that is located in British Columbia and that is located in Canada .
Alberta is a province that is located in Canada .
Alberta is a canadian province .
British Columbia is a canadian province .
Manitoba is a canadian province .
Ontario is a canadian province .
which cities are located in Manitoba ?
Winnepeg is a city that is located in Manitoba .
which country contains Manitoba ?
which country contains Winnepeg ?
Guelph is a city that is located in Ontario .
Quebec is a province that is located in Canada .
Washington-DC is a city .
Schaffhausen is a canton that is located in Switzerland .
which towns are located in Schaffhausen ?
Winterthur is a city .
Stein am Rhein is a town that is located in Schaffhausen .
Qingdao belongs to Alberta and contains at least 3 cities .
Helsinki is a capital of Finland .
Helsinki is a city .
Aland is an archipelago .
Aland is located in the Baltic Sea .
Aland is a province of Finland .
Fasta Aland is an island .
Mariehamn is the capital of Aland .
Fasta Aland is an island .
Fasta Aland belongs to Aland .
Gulf of Bothnia is a sea .
if X contains Y then X belongs to Y .
Iceland is located in Europe .
Iceland is a country .
Iceland is a part of Europe .
Iceland is an island-country .
Reykjavik is a city .
Reykjavik is the capital of Iceland .
Ghana is a country .
Venice is a city .
Venice is located in Italy .
Ferrara is a part of Italy .
Ferrara is a city .
Triest is located in Italy .
Triest is a city .
Bavaria belongs to Germany .
Bavaria is a province of Germany .
Hannover is a city .
Lower-Saxony contains Hannover .
Hannover is the capital of Lower-Saxony that belongs to Germany .
Hannover is a city .
Lower-Saxony is a province of Germany .
Indonesia does not border a country that is a part of Europe .
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia .
it is false that Indonesia is in the near of Antarctica .
everybody knows Barack Obama .
which country is located in Asia ?
Indonesia is a country .
Indonesia is located in Asia .
Indonesia has more than 99 islands .
which cities are located in Indonesia ?
which island is located in Indonesia ?
what is the capital of Indonesia ?
Jakarta is a city .
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia .
Jakarta is located in Java .
Jakarta is not a country .
if X is larger than Y then Y is smaller than X .
if X is smaller than Y then Y is larger than X .
Moscow is a capital of Russia .
Moscow is a city .
Ukraine is a country .
what borders Ukraine ?
Kyiv is the capital of Ukraine .
every president is a president of at most 1 country .
the United Nations is something .
who is a member of the United Nations ?
Poznan belongs to Poland .
Portugal is a country .
Portugal borders Spain .
Portugal is a part of Europe .
what is a university ?
the University of Zurich is a university that is located in Zurich .
the ETH Zurich is a university and is located in Zurich .
what is the ETH Zurich ?
it is false that the ETH Zurich is a city .
Lausanne is a city that is located in Switzerland .
Lausanne contains exactly 2 universities .
Prague is a city that is located in the Czech Republic .
Prague contains at least 2 universities .
Prague is the capital of the Czech Republic .
the Czech Republic is a landlocked country .
what is the capital of the Czech Republic ?
the Czech Republic borders Slovakia .
which country borders the Czech Republic ?
the Czech Republic is located in Europe .
the Czech Republic has at least 10 rivers .
which river is located in the Czech Republic ?
the Czech Republic borders Austria .
the Czech Republic borders Germany and borders Poland .
the Czech Republic borders exactly 4 countries .
Guiana is a country .
Barat Gadgeo is a president of Guiana .
Georgetown is the capital of Guiana .
what is the capital of Guiana ?
Guiana is a part of North America .
Georgetown is a city .
Georgetown is a capital .
Greece belongs to Europe .
Greece is a country .
Karolos Papoulias is a president of Greece .
which country belongs to Europe ?
what is Greece ?
which countries are contained by Europe ?
Kyrgyzstan is located in Asia .
Kyrgyzstan borders Kazakhstan .
Kyrgyzstan borders Uzbekistan .
Kyrgyzstan borders Tajikistan .
Kyrgyzstan borders China .
Kyrgyzstan contains Batken Province .
Kyrgyzstan contains Chuy Province .
Kyrgyzstan contains Jalal-Abad Province .
Kyrgyzstan contains Naryn Province .
Kyrgyzstan contains Osh Province .
Kyrgyzstan contains Talas Province .
Kyrgyzstan contains Issyk Kul Province .
what borders Kyrgyzstan ?
what contains Kyrgyzstan ?
which city belongs to Kyrgyzstan ?
what is the capital of Kyrgyzstan ?
what is the national-language of Kyrgyzstan ?
Turkish is the national-language of Kyrgyzstan .
which city is contained by Kyrgyzstan ?
which area is contained by Kyrgyzstan ?
Bishkek is the capital of Kyrgyzstan .
Bishkek is a city .
Bishkek belongs to Kyrgyzstan .
Batken Province contains Batken .
Batken is a city .
Batken belongs to Kyrgyzstan .
Jalal-Abad is a city .
Jalal-Abad belongs to Kyrgyzstan .
Naryn is a city .
Naryn belongs to Kyrgyzstan .
Osh is a city .
Osh belongs to Osh Province .
Osh belongs to Kyrgyzstan .
Talas is a city .
Talas belongs to Talas Province .
Talas belongs to Kyrgyzstan .
Karakol is a city .
Karakol belongs to Issyk Kul Province .
Karakol belongs to Kyrgyzstan .
Polish is the language of Poland .
Pluto orbits the Sun .
Pluto is a dwarf-planet .
Eugene is located in Oregon .
what is located in Oregon ?
Timbuktu is located in Africa .
Timbuktu contains at least 100 persons .
Dachau is the capital of the Landkreis Dachau .
Dachau has a historic section of town .
Dachau is known by the Konzentrationslager .
Dachau is located in Germany .
Dachau is in the near of Erding .
Dachau is larger than Erding .
Dachau belongs to Bavaria .
Dachau is a city .
Dachau is in the near of Munich .
which city is in the near of Dachau ?
if X is in the near of Y then Y is in the near of X .
Erding is located in Bavaria .
Erding is in the near of Dachau .
what is a city that is located in Germany ?
what is located in Germany ?
Erding is smaller than Duesseldorf .
Erding is smaller than Munich .
Erding is not smaller than the ETH Zurich .
Erding is a city that belongs to Germany .
which city is larger than Erding ?
which city is in the near of Erding ?
Aschaffenburg is governed by Germany .
Essen is in the near of Duisburg .
Essen is a city .
Essen contains at least 1 river .
Essen is located in Germany .
X is located in Germany .
Duesseldorf is located in Germany .
Duesseldorf is a city .
what is a city and belongs to Germany ?
Duesseldorf belongs to Germany .
what is a city and is located in Germany ?
which countries are a member of the European Union ?
which country that is a part of Europe is not a member of the European Union ?
which languages are an official language of a country that is a member of the European Union ?
every EU-country is a member of the European Union .
Indonesian is the national-language of Indonesia .
Gordon Brown is a person .
Israel borders Egypt .
Israel belongs to the United Nations .
Egypt is a country .
the United States of America contains Maine .
Maine is located in the United States of America .
Maine is smaller than New York and Florida is larger than Maine .
Maine is a state .
which states are larger than Maine ?
Florida is smaller than California .
Florida is a state .
California is a state .
Ohio is a state .
Ohio is located in the United States of America .
Slovakia is a country .
Slovakia is a member of the EU .
Slovakia borders Poland .
Slovakia borders Ukraine .
Slovakia borders Hungary .
which country borders Slovakia ?
exactly 5 countries border Slovakia .
Slovakia is smaller than Egypt .
Slovakia borders the Czech Republic .
which country is smaller than Egypt ?
Egypt is larger than Slovakia .
which country is larger than Slovakia ?
Slovakia borders Austria .
what is the national-language of Denmark ?
what is the national-language of Canada ?
what is the national-language of a country that is located in North America ?
Herznach is located in Switzerland .
Herznach is a village .
Slovenia is a country of Europe .
Slovenia is an alpine country .
Ostravice is a river and is located in the Czech Republic .
Munich is the capital of Bavaria .
every capital is a city .
Munich is a capital .
Illinois is an USA state .
Illinois borders Wisconsin and borders Indiana and borders Iowa and borders Missouri and borders Kentucky .
what borders Illinois and borders Missouri ?
Springfield is the capital of Illinois .
Illinois is not a country .
Wisconsin is an USA state .
Missouri is a state that belongs to the United States of America .
what borders Missouri ?
Missouri borders Illinois and borders Iowa and borders Kansas and borders Nebraska and borders Tennessee .
Jefferson City is a capital of Missouri .
Missouri is an area .
Kentucky is an USA state .
what is Tennessee ?
every USA state is a part of the USA .
what is an USA state ?
Katowice belongs to Poland .
Katowice does not be in the near of Poznan .
Turin is smaller than Milano .
Turin is a city .
Turin is located in Italy .
Turin manages the Winter Olympic Games 2006 .
Montreuil borders Bagnolet and Bagnolet is a city .
Montreuil is a city .
Ivrea is a city .
Ivrea is located in Italy .
Lysa hora is a mountain .
the Netherlands is a country .
the Netherlands belongs to the EU .
the Netherlands is an EU-country .
Britain is a country .
what is a country ?
Serbia is a country .
Serbia borders Bulgaria .
if X lives in Belgrade then X lives in Serbia .
everybody that lives in Belgrad lives in Serbia .
every country that has more than 1 official language is a multilingual country .
India is a multilingual country .
Chile is a country .
Spanish is the national-language of Chile .
Chile is located in South America and Chile borders at least 3 countries .
Santiago is a city and Santiago is located in Chile .
Santiago is the capital of Chile .
the University of Chile is located in Santiago .
which universities are located in the Earth ?
Chile borders a sea .
which countries border a sea ?
what is located in Chile ?
the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile is located in Santiago .
Spanish is a language .
Santiago is the capital of Chile .
the University of Chile is a university .
Luxembourg borders Germany .
Luxembourg is a country .
the Winter Olympic Games 2006 belongs to Japan .
Malta is a country .
Malta is an island .
Maltese is an official language of Malta .
Maltese is a semitic language .
English is an official language of Malta .
Malta is a member of the European Union .
Romania is a country .
Peru is a country of South America .
Arequipa is a city of Peru .
Charon orbits Pluto .
Charon is a moon .
the Moon is a moon .
the Moon orbits the Earth .
Phobos orbits Mars .
Turkey is a part of Europe .
Turkey borders Russia .
Ankara is the capital of Turkey .
Turkish is a national-language of Turkey .
Turkey borders Greece .
what is the capital of Turkey ?
Aracaju is a city .
Aracaju is a capital of Sergipe .
Aracaju is a city of Sergipe .
Sergipe is a state .
who is a capital of Sergipe ?
who is a city of Sergipe ?
Salgado is a city of Sergipe .
if X is an official language of Y then X is a language .
every semitic language is a language .
the University of Malta is a university .
the University of Malta is located in Malta .
which universities are located in Malta ?
Bandung is a city .
Bandung is located in Java .
Java Sea is a sea .
Java Sea is located in Indonesia .
Java is an island .
which city is located in Java ?
Java is located in Indonesia .
Ciliwung is a river .
Ciliwung flows through Jakarta .
Belgrade is a city .
Belgrade is the capital of Serbia .
Belgrade has at least 1 million .
which city is the capital of Serbia ?
Bulgaria is a country that is located in Europe .
Bulgaria borders Romania .
Bulgaria borders Serbia .
what borders Bulgaria ?
Bulgaria is a member of the EU .
a president of Bulgaria is somebody who heads Bulgaria and who commands an army .
who is a president of Bulgaria ?
Sofia is the capital of Bulgaria .
Democratic Party is a political party .
everybody that cultivates Swaziland belongs to Swaziland .
Georgi Parvanov is a president of a country and the country is Bulgaria .
Pakistan is a country and is located in South Asia .
Islamabad is the capital of Pakistan .
Pakistan borders Afghanistan .
Pakistan borders Iran .
Pakistan borders China .
Pakistan borders India .
which country borders Pakistan ?
South Asia is a region of Asia .
what is located in South Asia ?
India is located in South Asia .
if X is a region of Y then X is located in Y .
Islamabad is the capital of Pakistan .
Afghanistan is a country .
Iran is a country .
India is a country .
India is located in Asia .
India is smaller than the United States of America .
India borders Pakistan and borders Afghanistan and borders China .
what borders India ?
Hindi is a language .
Sri Lanka is a country .
Bangladesh is a country .
Bangladesh is a country .
every Prime Minister is a person .
the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile is located in Santiago .
no territory that at least 2 countries border is an enclave .
Bromley is a town .
Bromley has at least 93 persons .
exactly 2 legs belong to a duck .
every rabbit is an animal .
exactly 4 legs belong to a rabbit .
every leg belongs to an animal .
Gothenburg is a city .
Gothenburg is located in Sweden .
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark .
which country is not bordered by Indonesia ?
Tallinn is the capital of Estonia .
