Mary is a traveler .
Bill is not a golfer .
Mary is an officer or is a golfer .
Sue is an officer and is a traveler .
Mary is a woman that is an officer or that is a golfer .
John is a man that is an officer and that is a traveler .
John is a man that admires an officer and that a traveler sees .
every man is a golfer .
no golfer is a woman .
every woman is an officer and every officer is a woman .
every traveler who is not a woman is a golfer .
every man is a golfer or is a traveler .
nobody who is a man or who is a golfer is an officer and is a traveler .
Lisa sees Mary .
Mary does not see Tom .
Tom buys a picture .
Mary sees no man .
John buys something that is not a present .
John sees nothing but men .
every man buys a present .
everything that buys a present is a man .
everything that a man buys is a present .
everything that a man buys or that a woman admires is a present .
every man buys nothing but presents .
everything that buys nothing but pictures is a woman .
everything that sees something is an officer .
everything that something sees is an officer .
everything that is loved by something is a person .
everything that loves something is a traveler or is an officer .
everything that something loves is a traveler or is an officer .
everything that is seen by something is a traveler or is an aquarium .
Tom loves at least 2 officers .
Lisa buys at most 1 present .
every traveler sees at least 2 aquariums .
everything that buys at least 2 presents is an officer .
everything that at least 2 officers buy is a present .
every officer sees at most 1 aquarium .
everything that is a traveler or that is an officer sees at most 2 aquariums .
no picture admires itself .
every man loves himself .
if X sees Y then Y does not love X .
if X sees somebody who sees Y then X sees Y .
if X admires Y then X sees Y .
if X helps Y then Y admires X .
if X loves Y then X does not admire Y .
if a man X does not admire a woman Y then the woman Y does not admire the man X .
if a man X does not help a woman Y then the woman Y does not help the man X .
it is false that somebody does not buy exactly 3 golfers .
what does John buy ?
which golfers don't help Mary ?
every man sees what ?
every man sees what or does not admire who ?
which man loves somebody X ?
what is bought by John ?
which golfers are not helped by Mary ?
what is seen by every man ?
which man is loved by somebody X ?
John is not loved by who ?
which man loves itself ?
John inspects a picture of a man .
John is a man of Mary .
every picture of a golfer is seen by Mary .
Lisa is an present of every aquarium .
exactly 2 officers are a present of what ?
John is Tom .
John is every man .
nothing but men see Mary .
John is X .
John sees X .
X is something X .
every man X does not see a woman Y .
there is something .
there is a man .
there are more than 2 men that inspect less than 3 persons .
it is false that there is at least 1 man .
for every traveler X everybody admires X .
everything X is a picture .
John admires a woman that a golfer does not love .
John buys a picture and does not buy a present .
John is a man , is a golfer and is an officer .
John admires exactly 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 pictures .
John is a man . who is Mary ?
John is not what ?
John is a man of what ?
John is the person of what ?
John is every person of what ?
John is no man of what ?
John is a man , is a golfer and is what ?
John admires a woman that who loves ?
John admires a woman that who does not love ?
John buys something that is not what ?
John buys what and does not buy what ?
John admires a traveler that is which person ?
who does John not admire ?
which golfer admires John and inspects a picture ?
Mary admires who and doesn't admire somebody ?
