Paris is a horse .
John is not a cat .
Paris is a bird or is a cat .
Paris is a bird and is a horse .
Paris is a worm that is a bird or that is a cat .
John is a dog that is a bird and that is a horse .
John is a dog that hates a bird and that a horse sees .
every dog is a cat .
no cat is a worm .
every worm is a bird and every bird is a worm .
every horse that is not a worm is a cat .
every dog is a cat or is a horse .
nothing that is a dog or that is a cat is a bird and is a horse .
Paris sees Paris .
Paris does not see John .
John fears a tail .
Paris sees no dog .
John fears something that is not a policeman .
John sees nothing but dogs .
every dog fears a policeman .
everything that fears a policeman is a dog .
everything that a dog fears is a policeman .
everything that a dog fears or that a worm hates is a policeman .
every dog fears nothing but policemen .
everything that fears nothing but tails is a worm .
everything that sees something is a bird .
everything that something sees is a bird .
everything that is found by something is a book .
everything that finds something is a horse or is a bird .
everything that something finds is a horse or is a bird .
everything that is seen by something is a horse or is an airplane .
John finds at least 2 birds .
Paris fears at most 1 policeman .
every horse sees at least 2 airplanes .
everything that fears at least 2 policemen is a bird .
everything that at least 2 birds fear is a policeman .
every bird sees at most 1 airplane .
everything that is a horse or that is a bird sees at most 2 airplanes .
no tail hates itself .
every dog finds himself .
if X sees Y then Y does not find X .
if X sees something that sees Y then X sees Y .
if X hates Y then X sees Y .
if X bites Y then Y hates X .
if X finds Y then X does not hate Y .
if a dog X does not hate a worm Y then the worm Y does not hate the dog X .
if a dog X does not bite a worm Y then the worm Y does not bite the dog X .
it is false that something does not fear exactly 3 cats .
what does John fear ?
which cats don't bite Paris ?
every dog sees what ?
every dog sees what or does not hate what ?
which dog finds something X ?
what is feared by John ?
which cats are not bitten by Paris ?
what is seen by every dog ?
which dog is found by something X ?
John is not found by what ?
which dog finds itself ?
John pushes a tail of a dog .
John is a dog of Paris .
every tail of a cat is seen by Paris .
Paris is an policeman of every airplane .
exactly 2 birds are a policeman of what ?
John is John .
John is every dog .
nothing but dogs see Paris .
John is X .
John sees X .
X is something X .
every dog X does not see a worm Y .
there is something .
there is a dog .
there are more than 2 dogs that push less than 3 books .
it is false that there is at least 1 dog .
for every horse X everything hates X .
everything X is a tail .
John hates a worm that a cat does not find .
John fears a tail and does not fear a policeman .
John is a dog , is a cat and is a bird .
John hates exactly 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 tails .
John is a dog . what is Paris ?
John is not what ?
John is a dog of what ?
John is the book of what ?
John is every book of what ?
John is no dog of what ?
John is a dog , is a cat and is what ?
John hates a worm that what finds ?
John hates a worm that what does not find ?
John fears something that is not what ?
John fears what and does not fear what ?
John hates a horse that is which book ?
what does John not hate ?
which cat hates John and pushes a tail ?
Paris hates what and doesn't hate something ?
